Assignment
Technical Assessment: MP3 File Analysis App

Objective
The aim of this task is to create an API endpoint according to the specification below that accepts an MP3 file and responds with the number of frames in the file. A sample file is provided for candidates to test their solution against.

This assessment will test the candidate's ability to:

Learn & apply new knowledge in a likely unfamiliar context

Demonstrate technical competency in Typescript

Show personal coding styles & preferences



API Specification
The application must host an endpoint at /file-upload that accepts an MP3 file upload via the POST method.

The endpoint must successfully count the number of frames for MPEG Version 1 Audio Layer 3 files (This is almost universally the format for .mp3 files, including the provided sample).

The endpoint must provide a JSON response (with the correct response headers) in the following format:

⚠️ Handling of other MPEG file formats should be considered out of scope for this exercise & candidates are encouraged not to spend time on this.
The endpoint must provide a JSON response (with the correct response headers) in the following format:

{
  "frameCount": <number>
}

Note: <number> should be the correct number of frames in the MP3 file



Requirements
The candidate:

Must use TypeScript to complete the exercise.

Must parse the MP3 file to logically count the number of frames in the file.

Must not use an NPM package to parse the MP3 frame data directly. NPM packages may be used for other things such as generic utilities or a http framework.

Must respond to the client with the correct number of frames found in the file, in the format specified above.



Evaluation Criteria
The candidate's solution will be evaluated based on the following criteria:

Correctness

Does the solution meet the requirements?

Does the solution correctly determine the number of frames in the MP3 file correctly?

Does the solution handle errors appropriately?

Code Quality

Is the code well-organised, readable, and maintainable?

Does the code follow TypeScript good practices?

Does the code utilise TypeScript's features effectively?

Does the solution include standardised tooling for formatting, linting, testing etc?

Error Handling

Is error handling implemented appropriately?

Does the solution handle errors gracefully?

Does the solution provide useful error messages to the user?

Scalability

Is the solution scalable and able to handle large files?

Is the solution optimised for performance?

Approach

Has the candidate used Git effectively?

Is there evidence of a structured approach to the solution?



Tips
The candidate may wish to use a tool such as mediainfo to verify their results.

Candidates are reminded to test final solutions before submission.

Priority should be given to producing a working solution in the allotted time - Done is better than perfect. Brief comments may be left to explain optimisations / improvements that would be implemented with more time & there will be an opportunity to expand on this at interview.

Candidates may use AI assistance to complete the exercise but the submission will still be taken as the candidates own work and therefore it should be representative of something they would write themselves and they will be expected to understand and explain the solution.


Submission
The candidate should provide the solution as a git repository & should include clear instructions for running the application & an example of how to test the application.


Timeframe
The candidate should aim to complete the assessment within 5 days of receiving the task.

Good luck! We look forward to seeing your solution.
